What kind of self-righteous person is Mr. Xu?
I'm talking about you
Shut your mouth
In front of Mr. Xu, whether it is identity or not
Use status and strength
This is your say
Okay, this time, where to pay again
I don't want any accidents.
This time the awards ceremony
Our global entertainment will win all the awards
Competing for the strength of our global entertainment group
And I won't give you another chance.
Offend? Go
out
The highly anticipated Golden Melody Awards ceremony
It's about to begin.
Who will win the crown of the top king of heaven this year?
We'll see.
Please be innocent for tonight's dinner
The winners of the Golden Melody Awards gala dinner gather
You are all first-class singers in our country
he
Why are you here?